Master made a good move
Hide behind the scenes and control everything
So?
Was the fall part of his plan?
Yes
What about the master?
I don't know.
Master said that three years ago, the pastor's sister gave up teaching and returned to righteousness
I took a break for three years.
I've rested long enough
He is old and tired
Now it's time for him to rest well.
Tell us not to go looking for him
We destroyed their old house
He also caught Takeshi Guida
Master got the exact news
In the hands of Takeshi
There is a detailed list of thieves and spies
That's why you set up such a big game
Take the risk
And let me capture Takeshi
Where is the list?
You you rest
If you don't want to say it, just shut your mouth
You go and search for me
This Jedi Three Foot is going to find me the list too
Yes
Found it